# DUGC page
## FAQs for EE UG students

<details>

  <summary>How can I change my DE to OE, or vice versa?</summary>

  Register courses according to the course template. All corrections in the course type will be taken care of at the time of graduation as per the course template. (Updated: Dec 2022)

</details>

<details>

  <summary>How to apply for NoC (No Objection Certificate) from SUGC?</summary>

  SUGC has its own format for NOC in summer and winter vacation. In this regard if you want a NOC letter then kindly provide below documents:
  
<ol>
  <li>Copy of Advertisement/Notification</li>
  <li>Receipt of Rs. 50/-</li>
  <li>Internship Form (DoAA office)</li>
  <li>Internship Form (DoIR office)- This form is only applicable if your Internship is scheduled abroad.</li>
</ol>
  You may deposit fee amount in below account:
  
<ul>
  <li> Bank name:STATE BANK OF INDIA</li>
  <li> Bank branch: IIT KANPUR</li>
  <li> Bank A/c No.: 35973361835</li>
  <li> Bank Swift code: SBININBB499</li>
  <li> Beneficiary code: SBIN0001161</li>
  <li> Beneficiary name: Registrar, IIT Kanpur</li>
</ul>
  (Updated: Dec 2022)
</details>


<details>

  <summary>Can I change my double major (DM) department?</summary>
  
<ol>
  <li>To apply again for DM in 7th semester, you have to drop the currently allotted Double Major from current department.</li>
  <li>After dropping Double Major programme, it may be difficult to get DM in any other department.</li>
  <li>In case you change your mind after dropping Double Major from current deparment and want to return back, then this may not be possible.</li>
</ol>
  If you understand above points well, you may request for drop by sending a mail to DUGC conveners of both the departments (current and the new). (Updated: Dec 2022)

</details>

<details>
  
<summary>What is the criterion for conversion to BT-MT (dual degree) in EE?</summary>
  
<ul>
  <li> CPI>=7.5: Direct Conversion</li>
  <li> 7.0 <= CPI < 7.5 : Thesis supervisor Recommendation is required</li>
  <li> CPI < 7.0: Reject</li>
</ul>
(Updated: Jan 2023)

</details>

<details>
  
  <summary>What is the criterion for minor in EE?</summary>
  
<ul>  
  <li> CPI >= 7.0: Accept</li>
  <li> CPI < 7.0: Reject</li>
</ul>
(Updated: Jan 2023)
  
</details>

<details>
  <summary>I am on Academic Probation (AP). How many credits can I register for?</summary>

  Maximum 38 credits. [<ins>Source: Page AP-271</ins>](https://minutes.iitk.ac.in/registrar/sites/default/files/senate/2022.12.27/pre-approval/Agenda%20for%20the%20553%20(2022-23-1st)%20e-meeting%20of%20the%20Senate.pdf)
  
</details>

<details>
  <summary>I am on Warning (WR). How many credits can I register for?</summary>

  Maximum 49 credits. <a href="https://minutes.iitk.ac.in/registrar/sites/default/files/senate/2022.12.27/pre-approval/Agenda%20for%20the%20553%20(2022-23-1st)%20e-meeting%20of%20the%20Senate.pdf">Source: Page AP-271</a>
  
</details>